
How legitimate is Tai Asia Invest business?
We conduct our business in strict accordance with the laws of the Kingdom of Thailand, as well as in accordance with international law governing the commercial relations of international corporate business entities. All our activities are regulated by the appropriate official permits and licenses.
  How to start cooperation with Tai Asia Invest?
After registering on the site Tai Asia Invest, You become a full member of the company Tai Asia Invest and can make investments with us.
  When registering, I entered my personal data. How safe is it?
We do not pass on personal data of investors to third parties and strictly adhere to the Security Policy, which you can read more in the relevant section.
  How safe is it to use the company's website when investing?
Understanding that when using our site there is an exchange of confidential information, and also taking into account the fact that the cybercriminals can use the Internet for their own purposes, the company has provided for its investors a site equipped with the most modern and effective data protection tools, antivirus software, ssl protocol encryption, DDoS-protected and placed the site on a powerful and reliable servers. These methods of protection are sufficient to meet the highest security requirements for using the site.
  I forgot my password, how to recover it?
Request a password reset, after which you will receive an email notification.
  How can I break the cooperation with Tai Asia Invest?
Cooperation with us can be terminated by the client at any time at the request of the latter.
  What should I do after registering to start earning?
Any user registered on our site has the right to start investing by making a deposit to one of our investment plans. Just log in to your Personal Account, and create a deposit, following the simple instructions of the system.
  How to make a deposit to the company?
Log into your Personal Account and replenish your personal account with the amount you plan to invest. Then open your chosen deposit.
  After making a deposit, how soon can I get the first profit?
After you have made a deposit with the company, the first accrual of profits will be available for withdrawal to your wallet after 24 hours. You can read more about this by going to the “My Investments” section.
  Can I create two or more Personal Accounts in the company?
Multiple registrations are prohibited. The use for investment purposes of more than one account by one investor will lead to the blocking of all Personal Accounts of such investor.
  I request a withdrawal, but the money does not come, what's the problem?
Most likely, you must specify the payment details of the system to which the withdrawal of funds.
  What payment systems do you use?
For the convenience of our partners, we have chosen the most popular payment systems. PerfectMoney, AdvCash, Bitcoin, Payeer, Ethereum.
  What happens with the BTC after the investment?
We work with USD, ETH and BTC. If you invest bitcoin and charges also occur in bitcoins. The rate of BTC and ETH to USD changes automatically depending on the state of the exchanges at the time of the opening of the investment.
  What is the minimum deposit amount?
The minimum deposit is $ 50
  What is the minimum amount to withdraw?
There is no minimum amount.
  What is the dividend payout policy?
All payments in the system are made within 24 hours after filing an application for payment. Dividends received are available for withdrawal only on working days.
  What is the commission for depositing and withdrawing funds?
There is no commission for withdrawal, commission for input according to your payment system.
  I sent money, but they are not on balance, what should I do?
If you made a deposit in USD, then you need to send a request to those. support with the maximum amount of data to detect your transfer. If you invested BTC, make sure that at least there are 3 confirmations from Bitcoin. If the money is still not on the balance, then send a request to those support.
  What promotional materials do you have?
In the promotional materials section, you can find our banner and place them on your website / blog / forum / social. networks.
  How quickly will I make a profit from my referrals?
The commission is credited to your balance instantly, the withdrawal of funds according to the regulations.
  Can I change my sponsor?
The change of the sponsor is available in exceptional cases and only through a request to the support service.
  How many partner levels are available?
Our program has an affiliate system, which is 13% of the amount of your partner’s deposit.
   I had a question, the answer to which I could not find on the company's website. What should I do?
Contact support.


123