
GENERAL QUESTIONS

What is Wssavior? The Wssavior is modern investment program who owned by WSSH LTD based in the United Kingdom. Our Corporate Headquarters is located here: Suite 2, 5th floor, Marshall House Ring Way, Preston, PR1 2QD, United Kingdom. Company registration number is ¹09159927. The Wssavior offers high-return investing in the Forex, digital currency known as Bitcoin, stock market and Fintech start-ups. Our company is constantly evolving, it improves its marketing components and creates new investment proposals. All this makes the Wssavior an industry leader and to be able to adapt to the constantly changing market conditions.
Who controls the Investment portfolio? The investment portfolio is managed by a team of experienced financial specialists, of lawyers, professional trade analysts who have been working on the currency exchange market for more than 10 years on average. Our experience and contacts ensure access for us to a wide range of local and global resources and bring about benefit from the world's best and most effective technologies of trading on the Forex and Cryptocurrency market.
Who can participate in Wssavior? Do you accept investors from different countries? The person or company can participate in Wssavior. We have no restrictions on any country. The only condition is accepting our terms of service.
Can I participate if I'm not yet 18? No, only adults can take part. More about this you can read in the topic Privacy Policy
It is necessary to send any copies of identity confirmation documents and registration data after the registration? No, it is not necessary. However, in disputable situations this may be required.
How many accounts can I register in your project? Just one. In the event of multiple registrations from your computer, we are able to freeze all of your deposits.
QUESTIONS ABOUT INVESTING PROCESS

What do I need to start investing with Wssavior? First of all, you need to register a new account, select an investment plan and make a deposit at least $50 through the available payment systems.
What payment methods can I use to fund my account? We operate with Bitcoin, Ethereum, Bitcoin Cash, Dash, Payeer, Perfect Money, Ripple and Litecoin.
Do you charge any fee for providing your investment services? No, we haven't any additional fees or charges.
What is the minimum/maximum amount allowed to deposit? Currently we have an introductory low deposit minimum amount of $50 and going up to $100000 which is the maximum allowed for a single deposit and depends on your investment plan. You are able to check min. and max. amount for each plan in our main page and your account menu "Make Deposit"
Can I make numerous deposits simultaneously? Yes, it is possible for you to have an unlimited number of deposits, but each of them will be processed separately.
Can I change my data for login to account? Log into the account and click "Edit Account" to enter the personal information page where you will be able to modify your data. Save the changes when all necessary data are entered. However, you may not modify your e-mail and e-wallet data because this function is disabled for security reasons. If you want to change these data, please contact us and include your secret questions and secret answer in your message.
How can I access the account? If you are a registered user of Wssavior, please enter your username and password in the appropriate fields at the top of the website and click the "Login to Account" button. You will be redirected to your account automatically as soon as you have done the above.
Can I change my data for login to account? Log into the account and click "Edit Account" to enter the personal information page where you will be able to modify your data. Save the changes when all necessary data are entered. However, you may not modify your e-mail and e-wallet data because this function is disabled for security reasons. If you want to change these data, please contact us and include your secret questions and secret answer in your message.
How secure are user accounts and personal data? All stored on our dedicated servers' data remains protected via encryption technology at all times. All account related transactions done by our clients are mediated exclusively via secured Internet connections.
What if I can't log into my account because I forgot my password? Click on forgot password link, enter your username or e-mail and your login data will be sent to your e-mail address.
What is the minimum amount for withdrawal? The minimum amount for withdrawal is $5
After I make a withdrawal request, when will the funds be available on my e-currency account? The withdrawal time can take up to 48 hours.
What is the risk for my investment? There is always a risk of losing the invested money. For example, in case of adverse global processes which are not under reasonable control of the company management. Currency Trading, CryptoCurrency Trading and start-up investing are among the riskiest forms of investments in the financial markets and therefore require sufficient skills and experience. We have a stabilization fund in place to protect Our clients from known trading risks.
REFERRAL PROGRAM

Do you have an affiliate program? Our affiliate rewards program offers earning at four levels and pays 7% of the deposits made by your first-line referrals, 3% of the deposits made by you second-line referrals (the people invited by your first-line referrals), 2% of the deposits of your third-line referrals (the people invited by your second-line referrals) and 1% of the deposits of your fourth-line referrals (the people invited by your third-line referrals)
How will I receive my referral commission? The personal affiliate link has the following format: https://wssavior.com/?ref=foxtrot , where "foxtrot" is your username on the website. The referral commission is accrued to your account balance instantly. The referral bonus can only be withdrawn in the e-currency which your referral used to make their deposit, for example, if your referral used Bitcoin to deposit, then you may only withdraw your referral bonus in Bitcoin.
Where can I get my referral link and your banners? You can find referral link in your main account menu and our banners on the "Referral links" page. Also you can click on Our Banners.
What if I don't find the answer to my question? Please, contact customer support. You are able to write to support here link, Live Chat, Social Networks or Phone support +44 1772 231077 (10:00AM - 10:00PM GMT)


123