RULES & AGREEMENTS.

Please read the following rules & agreements before using our services.

These rules are official and the public offer of Wssavior, acting in accordance with the Company, on the one hand, and the individual investor. This is equivalent to the conclusion of the Agreement in accordance with international law.

These rules shall enter into force on the date of registration of the Investor on the website of the program Wssavior and his acceptance of the terms and conditions. If you disagree with these terms and conditions or any part of these terms and conditions, you must not use this website.

Any individual or company from any country may open an account on the website. You must be at least 18 years of age to use this website.

You agree that all information, communications, materials coming from Wssavior are unsolicited and must be kept private, confidential and protected from any disclosure. Moreover, the information, communications and materials contained herein are not to be regarded as an offer, nor a solicitation for investments in any jurisdiction which deems non-public offers or solicitations unlawful, nor to any person to whom it will be unlawful to make such offer or solicitation.

You agree that all information, interactions, materials coming from Wssavior are unsolicited and must be kept private, confidential and protected from any disclosure.

Besides, the information, interactions and materials present herein are not to be regarded as an offer, nor a solicitation for investments in any jurisdiction which deems non-public offers or solicitations unlawful, nor to any person to whom it will be unlawful to make such offer or solicitation.

You must register as a Member to access certain functions of the Website. You are obliged to provide only complete and accurate information about yourself when registering as a Member or updating your Registration Data.

You agree to maintain and keep your Registration Data current and to update the Registration Data as soon as it changes. You are responsible for maintaining the security of your password.

Our Company and its service providers are not liable for any loss that you may suffer through the use of your password by others.

Each Investor can register only one personal account, re-registration is not allowed. In case of multiple registrations, the Company reserves the right to disable all accounts to ascertain the circumstances.

Each deposit is considered to be a private transaction between Wssavior and its Member. Members perform all financial transactions solely at their own discretion and their own risk. The Investor personally decides whether or not to invest and how much to invest. All accruals in the Personal Account are made according to the chosen investment package. The Investor has the right to freely dispose of the funds that are on his personal account. The Investor can make a deposit with only help of electronic payment systems used by the Company.

The interest rate depends on the selected investment package while each investment package allows for investing different amounts.

You may choose any of the following e-currencies to make deposit: Bitcoin, Ethereum, Bitcoin Cash, Dash, Payeer, Perfect Money, Ripple and Litecoin. A deposit may only be made in US dollars.

All accruals of profit are done automatically and in accordance with chosen investment plan. Depending on the amount of your deposit and the term of chosen investment period, you will receive guaranteed income after a certain period of time. Your earnings is depending from your investment plan and can be in Daily basis or at the end of investment term. If you choose Daily plans you will get your initial capital back at the end of investment term.

The withdrawal time can take up to 48 hours.

You may use, reproduce and share any links to any page of this Website. You should use Your individual referral link to take part in the affiliate program. The affiliate program is a way to get extra earnings for referring other people to the products and services offered through this Website. You do not have to make a deposit or have an active investment to get affiliate bonuses.

Clients are not allowed to send SPAM or any kind of unsolicited commercial e-mail to promote the Company, its products and services.

Our affiliate rewards program offers earning at four levels and pays 7% of the deposits made by your first-line referrals, 3% of the deposits made by you second-line referrals (the people invited by your first-line referrals), 2% of the deposits of your third-line referrals (the people invited by your second-line referrals) and 1% of the deposits of your fourth-line referrals (the people invited by your third-line referrals)

If you do not agree with the above disclaimer, please do not go any further.