
THE RULES OF THE SYSTEM
RULES
General provisions
1.1 the Commission of the project for the withdrawal of funds is 0% of output by the user amount.
1.2 Withdrawal is only possible after processing your previous application.
1.3 by Registering with us You agree to these rules in full.
1.4 Administration is not responsible for any damage caused to You resulting from the use of this System.
1.5 At the time of registration the user must be at least 18 years of age on the day of its birth.
1.6 Our service does not conduct any secondary activity with the attachment of its users and not expose them to appropriate risks.
The rights and obligations of the user
2.1 cash deposits on its balance sheet.
2.2 Produce information and attract new members into the system using different advertising methods: websites, forum topics, social networks, etc.
2.3 to Send in your suggestions and comments to improve the service System.
2.4 to Comply with these rules in full.
2.5 Carefully read the terms of enrollment and payments.
2.6 does Not enter the System Administration misled by inaccurate information.
2.7 at least once in three days to re-familiarize themselves with these rules.
2.8 Upon detection of faults or some errors in the script site to report to support.
2.9 Not to conduct the attempts of breaking of site and not utillize possible errors in the scripts. When you try to break, the administration has the full right to remove, block or fine a user.
2.10 Not to publish offensive messages, defamation and other types of messages spoiling the reputation of the System or its users.
2.11 Not to create a chain of 2 or more consecutive registrations with the aim of obtaining repeated Ref. bonuses from each payment. In case of detection of such chains, the administration has the full right to remove, block or fine a user.
The rights and obligations of administration
3.1 In the case of ignoring the users of these rules, the administration reserves the right to remove, block or fine an account user without warning and without explanation.
3.2 the Administration may amend these rules change without warning the user.
3.3 If the user registration wrote false information, the administration has the full right to remove, block or fine without notice and not to pay funds to correct the data in the profile.
3.4 Letter sent by the administration with obscene content, carrying offensive or threats - will be ignored and the user is removed.
3.5 When you try to enter the administration misled or cheating, action will be taken to delete, lock or a fine account.
3.6 the Administration undertakes to maintain the confidentiality of the information of the authorized user, got from him during registration.
3.7 the Administration is not responsible for any hacking accounts. In order to avoid hacking, you must use complex passwords.
3.8 the Administration is not responsible for any possible loss as a result of the collapse of the System.
3.9 the Administration has the right to restart the service, reset any credentials when reaching the zero balance account System.
3.10 In the event of refusal to accept the new rules, the administration reserves the right to refuse to further participation in our service.
3.11 Official news relating to the project, are only news to be published on this website.
Payments
4.1 Users can make contributions to the Deposit in the amount of 1,000 rubles, with the following payment systems: Payeer. PerfectMoney. Card. BitCoin .LiteCoin .DogeCoin.
4.2 the Minimum amount of withdrawal from the system is 500 rubles. For some of the payment areas can be set separate terms for the minimum amount be withdrawn from the System and order of service.
4.3 the List of the payment systems by which you can make the Deposit and withdrawal of funds may be corrected by the administration.
4.4 Withdrawal of funds is in manual mode. In the case of providing inaccurate, incomplete data about the system output by the client, the withdrawal does not occur, and the request for withdrawal is rejected to correct or clarify all inaccuracies and data.
4.5 Requests for withdrawal are accepted on Saturdays from 8-00 till 24-00 (Moscow time)
Responsibility
5.1 Administration does NOT GUARANTEE the return of the money invested, You make your contributions at your own risk. Highly recommend You to invest only the amount that You can afford to lose.
5.2 the Administration shall not be responsible for any damages suffered by You as a result of using this service.
5.4 the Administration does not send Users unreasonable electronic or other messages(spam).
5.5 the Administration is not responsible for temporary technical failures and breaks in work of the Project, for temporary failures and breaks in work of communication lines, other similar failures and also for the problem of the computer from which the User makes access to the Internet.
5.6 the Administration does not bear responsibility before the User for actions of other Users.
5.7 by registering You agree to the terms of this agreement.
5.8 All possible complaints and feedback about the functioning of the System should be sent to the official email address of the project.
5.9 This web site, including all information and materials provided on this website is provided "as is" without warranty of any kind, Express or implied, including, but not limited to, the implied warranties of MERCHANTABILITY, fitness for a particular purpose, or absence of errors.
This website is not intended for any tax, legal, insurance or investment advice, and nothing on this website should not be construed as a recommendation by us or any third party, to acquire or dispose of any investment.
If You do not agree with the rules, please do not register. We do not force anyone and do not give any guarantees and promises.

Main
About us
News
FAQ
Reviews
Contacts
Registration
Forgot password?




123